Curlew-Repo
===========

Bird Identification Software by Team Curlew

USE CASES:

Billy launches the Bird Identification program. A window opens with a welcome screen and three difficulty choices: Easy, Medium, and Hard. He chooses Easy. The screen changes, and he is presented with an image of a bird: a Canada Goose. He knows it's a Canada Goose because he is from Canada. On the left and right margins, there are frames that display the character "0" under the headings "Correct:" and "Total:" respectively. There are three different bird names under the picture on buttons, probably three because he chose Easy mode. He selects Canada Goose, again, because he is Canadian, and the button highlights green because he chose the right answer. The center portion of the screen changes again, and text appears that says "You are correct!". Each tally in the margins goes from "0" to "1" and a new bird image with new options appear in the center. After correctly identifying 10 birds, not simply because he's Canadian, but because he knows his birds, the screen clears and displays "Congratulations! You are a genius. You correctly identified 10/10 birds!" Satisfied, Billy closes the program and enjoys a good night's rest, knowing that he is a genius... about birds.

James launches the Bird Identification program. James is also from Canada; the only bird that he knows about is the Canada Goose. A window opens with a welcome screen and three difficulty choices: Easy, Medium, and Hard. He chooses Hard, because he's fearless and he does what he wants. The screen changes, and he is presented with an image of a bird: not a Canada Goose! Immediately plunged into utter despair, James chooses an answer at random from the 5 choices he's presented with, and lo and behold, gets it wrong. The choice he made highlights red, the correct highlights green, and after a moment, the screen clears and says "Sorry! You got that one wrong." The "Total:" frame on the right margin of the window updates to "1", and the number correct on the left stays at "0". After failing to correctly identify three birds, James closes the window and sets his house on fire. No one ever hears from him again.
